feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/pauseduration/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: pauseDuration property"
short-title: pauseDuration
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/pauseDuration
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.pauseDuration
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`pauseDuration`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script in "pausing" synchronous operations, in milliseconds (for example {{domxref("Window.alert()")}} calls, or synchronous {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest")}}s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`pauseDuration`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script in "pausing" synchronous operations, in milliseconds (for example {{domxref("Window.alert()")}} calls, or synchronous {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest")}}s).
```

> The **`pauseDuration`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script in "pausing" synchronous operations, in milliseconds (for example {{domxref("Window.alert()")}} calls, or synchronous {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest")}}s).

Author: updated
